have you help around this song? A lot. My career. I'm sure we'll do it
your time. So the first thing about morale is to get the word out,
get the proper word out because there is going to be a ruminant. We're
not going. All know, we've been extended another 30 days now. We've
been extended of 60 days. Hey, did you hear? We're going Thio Australia.
They won't think you as divisional sort team do is hit the right
word out on people who are always trying run down rumors. That's
one thing about the day There will never be a shortage off scuttle
butt and we're out there. So one away you help around is by doing that
is is getting the word out going? Australia? Yes, we have been extended,
but we've only been extended by two days. Not that you could
get that word. Get out what you can. And then you're you become know
as the person that's got the scoop. It's got the gals, It's got the
right. Um, other things help in, uh, you know, hot walks, you know,
football games or help the group Go do something. Yeah, they will
get to go to this is gonna be all kinds of things that you could help
getting the war. Dad is the most, of course, because people just
want to try to plan their lives will have shift in their lives. You felt
that?